Update cdng-upgrade-faq.md (#483)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/onboard-cd/upgrading/cdng-upgrade-faq.md

- Enforces policies when pipelines are saved or run.
- Finds breaches as early as possible through shift-left governance.

### Delegate

> Harness NextGen supports improved Delegate which uses a new type of [image](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Delegates/get-started-with-delegates/delegate-image-types) and supports the below features:
> 
> -> Deploy delegate images with or without third-party client tools. Recommendation for security conscious customers is to use the delegate minimal image.
> -> Delegate is auto updated by default with an option to disable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness NextGen supports an improved delegate. It uses a new type of [image](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Delegates/get-started-with-delegates/delegate-image-types) and supports the following features:

- Deploy delegate images with or without third-party client tools. We recommend you use the delegate minimal image for added security.
- By default,  the delegate is automatically updated. There is an option to disable automatic updates.
```
